Multi-node documentation for Fabric (#16495)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-pytorch/fabric/guide/multi_node/barebones.rst

:orphan:

##################
Bare Bones Cluster
##################

**Audience**: Users who want to train on multiple machines that aren't part of a managed cluster.

This guide shows how to run a training job on a general-purpose cluster.
It assumes that you can log in to each machine and run commands.

Don't want to maintain your own infrastructure? Try the :doc:`Lightning cloud <./cloud>` instead.

----

************
Requirements
************

To set up a multi-node computing cluster, you need the following:

> 1. Multiple computers with Lightning installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Lightning has to be installed on all computers where we plan to run training.
```

> 2. A network connectivity between the machines with firewall rules that allow traffic flow on a specified port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A good network connectivity between the machines; note that the firewall's rules allow traffic flow on a specified port.
```

> |

Reviewer: what does this do? :thinking:

Author: It adds a bit of space between the two paragraphs. Otherwise, the text below really sticks close to the bullet points

We highly recommend setting up a shared filesystem to avoid the cumbersome copying of files between machines.

----

***************************
Prepare the training script
***************************

.. code-block:: python
    :caption: train.py

    from lightning.fabric import Fabric

    fabric = Fabric()

    # The rest of the training script
    ...

We intentionally omit to specify ``strategy``, ``devices``, and ``num_nodes`` here because these settings will get supplied through the CLI in the later steps.
You can still hard-code other options if you like.

----

*********************************
Launch the script on your cluster
*********************************

> **Step 1**: Upload the training script and all other files it needs to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 1**: Upload the training script and all needed files to the cluster.
```

> Each node needs access to the same files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each node requires to have granted access to the same files.
```
